hey what's up family it should grow
African export welcome to the realest
channel on the YT it's going to be
another sleek blush swatch on the face
you guys asked for Santorini okay so we
are going to work with bright pink
cheeks when I wear bright pink cheeks I
usually like to keep the lips either
very neutral or a soft pink fuchsia
color not soft pink fuchsia but soft
pink a fuchsia color the new color or
just a very natural color natural for me
would be kind of in the Brown family so
another option for this is a la femme
blush this is in the color magenta I'll
show them next to each other the film is
more pigmented and here it is on my hand
that's look them and here it is okay
with sleep
sleek look them I told you guys I like
my bright colors but because it is a
pink because it is not found naturally
in my skin I don't want to overdo it
because it will look a mess ok so I'm
going to take my brush mind you this is
a brush that is a lot bigger than I
would like I'm gonna start with a little
and I'm going to apply it now for some
people they would probably stop here I'm
just going to add a little more just to
build up the color and there we go and i
think i am satisfied right now with the
coverage ok now this is bright pink
cheeks everybody can wear this color
your application can be as light as you
like it for your skin complexion I would
rock this definitely my spring and
summer months ok anyway i'll talk to you
guys real real soon keep it real until
next time the next blush that i will
probably swash will be pomegranate
alright so i'll talk to you guys soon
keep it real bye hugs hmm
you